Show links to full ty diagnostics (#462)
astral-sh/ty-vscode: CONTRIBUTING.md

To run the extension, navigate to `src/extension.ts` and run (`F5`). You should see the extension output
and the language server log messages in the debug console under "ty" and "ty Language Server" respectively.

### Language server protocol extensions

> The ty server's experimental Language Server Protocol extensions are documented in the [`ty_server` crate](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff/blob/main/crates/ty_server/README.md#lsp-extensions).

Reviewer: I think we should move this to https://docs.astral.sh/ty/features/language-server/

Author: ```suggestion
The ty server's experimental Language Server Protocol extensions are documented in [ty's documentation](https://docs.astral.sh/ty/features/language-server/).
```
